Coronation Street is sponsored by
Cadbury's Milk Tray this Saturday it
will all happen again with eight levels
of prizes up to a quarter of a million
pounds hundreds of thousands of players
could get lucky playing Thunder ball
simply choose five numbers from thirty
four and then one Thunder ball number
from 14 with Thunder ball you really do
get more chance of winning mr. Cleary of
Sutton Coldfield you're on digital
set-top boxes here waiting it's
absolutely free while you subscribe just
get down the shop hall on digital on Oh
HOH 100 oh one oh one and they'll
deliver it this box will change the way
you watch telly forever it will
entertain you make you laugh and make
you cry
well it certainly will if you don't get
one so come on mr. Cleary I couldn't
bear to see it grow man we thousands
more on digital set-top boxes are now in
stock for yours call Oh HOH 100 oh one
oh one or get down to your local
electrical retailer now in a quartz
showroom in stoke a couple like this
walked away with a three-piece suite and
footstool without paying for them and in
day night while the woman was looking at
the great savings on offer the husband
coolly took out five years free credit
free for a year he then proceeded to
leave with the managers biro
incredible so hurry along to the courts
upholstery weekend it'll be a crime to
miss out from yonder Barnes director of
speed and twister get ready for the
fright of your life Catherine zeta-jones
its line a mysterious Rubens the locals
call it the Red Door I take it with me
everywhere because it reminds me of the
best two weeks of my life
I'm a telephone me up check got any
dough got a holiday
he said no to both the things that don't
matter Terry he said he could get us two
weeks in Goa T if you left the next day
24 hours later and I'm swimming Turtles
but sometimes need to get away to find
out what's really important as I'm going
again next year Barclaycard one card a
million uses
by your gas and electricity from British
Gas and you could be guaranteed cheaper
electricity prices than your local
supplier
until 2002
a monster offer from British gas
Oh 8 4 5 6 s 6 2002 you all that
Margaret
yes
we thought about how you'll manage in
the future
oh I'll be okay did you know Boober can
help but from advice to help at home to
care hands new services for the elderly
from Bupa call a 800 mm tens there's one
more guarantee 10 million pound super
draught this Saturday have you got your
ticket Coronation Street is sponsored by
Cadbury's Milk Tray